- So if you get a bad response
or just one you're not happy with,
give us a thumbs down.
Like, it's okay. You know,
our feelings won't be hurt.
We actually want this feedback.
Give us a thumbs down.
And then every once in a while,
there'll be a feedback box
that pops up that says like,
"What went wrong?"
Or, "How can we make this better?"
And there are a few select options.
So you can just select one of those
or you can type in what went wrong.
And what's really helpful
there is not only saying
what went wrong,
but what you expected
or what you would've wanted
the response to look like.
And, yeah, this is data that
we analyze all the time.
We really wanna see where the
model is struggling or failing
and so we can just make it
better in the next round.